Restructure influxdb3 /plugins for step-by-step clarity (#5963)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/shared/influxdb3-processing-engine.md

# Processing engine

The Processing engine is an embedded Python virtual machine that runs inside an {{% product-name %}} database server. It executes Python code in response to triggers and database events without requiring external application servers or middleware.

## How it works

### Architecture

The Processing engine runs Python code directly within a {{% product-name %}} server process. This design provides high performance and direct access to database resources.

- **Embedded execution**: Code runs in the same process space as the database server
- **Direct data access**: Zero-copy access to data
- **Event-driven**: Responds to database writes, scheduled events, and HTTP requests
- **Isolated contexts**: Maintains separation between different plugin executions

> - **Cache integration**: Access to system caches including Last values  and Distinct values 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Cache integration**: Access to system caches, such as Last Value Cache  and Distinct Value Cache 
```

We'll be publishing cache docs for GA tomorrow. You can link the LVC and DVC terms to those.

### Event processing flow

When events occur in the database, the Processing engine handles them through a consistent sequence:

> 1. A **trigger** activates the plugin based on one of three event types:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. A  _trigger_ configures execution parameters and executes the plugin based on one of three event types:
```

Italics is preferred over bold for introducing terms. However, in this case, we should link them to a definition (not sure where that is at the moment).

   - Data writes to specific tables or all tables
   - Scheduled events (time-based or cron expressions)
   - HTTP requests to configured endpoints

> 2. The engine loads the associated **plugin** specified in the trigger configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. The engine loads the associated plugin specified in the trigger configuration
```

3. The plugin receives context data specific to the trigger type:
   - Write triggers: the written data and table information
   - Schedule triggers: the scheduled call time

>    - HTTP triggers: the request object with methods, headers, and body

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - HTTP triggers: the request object with methods, headers, and body
   The plugin also receives any keyword arguments that you pass as `trigger-arguments`.
```

> 4. The plugin processes the received data, can query the database, call external tools, and write results back

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. When the plugin runs, it can process the received data and arguments, access the shared API through `influxdb3_local` for writing, querying, and caching data, and integrate with external systems.
```

> 5. Execution completes and the engine returns to waiting state

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Execution completes and the engine returns to waiting state.
```
